topics/Art-Jam/README.md, before:

# TITLE OF PROJECT

AUTHOR NAME

[View this project online](URL_FOR_THE_RUNNING_PROJECT)

## Description

This description should help the reader understand what the program is, anything they should know to be able to experience it (controls, special features, etc.), and what the desired user experience is. For example:

> *The Mayor of Clown Town* is a simulator experience that allows the user to control a small town populated entirely by clowns.

> The experience is controlled via the mouse, with left click selecting a clown and bringing up a menu of options such as "slip of banana peel" or "get into impossible capacious clown-car."

> The project is meant to give the user a sense of what it would be the mayor of a town of clowns, eventually getting the sense that clowns are not taking their civic duties seriously.

## Screenshot(s)

This bit should have some images of the program running so that the reader has a sense of what it looks like. For example:

> ![Image of a clown face](./assets/images/clown.png)

## Attribution

This bit should attribute any code, assets or other elements used taken from other sources. For example:

> - This project uses [p5.js](https://p5js.org).
> - The clown image is a capture of the clown from the Apple emoji character set.
> - The barking sound effect is "single dog bark 1" by crazymonke9 from freesound.org: https://freesound.org/people/crazymonke9/sounds/418107/

## License

This bit should include the license you want to apply to your work. For example:

> This project is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en)) license with the exception of libraries and other components with their own licenses.

Commit message:

make all the necessary changes in readme file and also added the screenshot to the images folder in assets

topics/Art-Jam/README.md, after:

# Orlando Oysters

Abhinav Voleti

[View this project online](https://abhivoleti.github.io/cart253/topics/Art-Jam/)

## Description

Often, I find myself going to the park near Westmount, up the hill, and staring at the stars whenever i feel low. Its like a small escape, a moment to breathe whenever things feel a lil too much 

Lately, life has been overstimualting, and i feel very unaccomplished; even with this project. I had been working on a football game for almost a week or two now, making fields on photoshop, creating my own characters but unfortunately, i got sick and couldnt contiunue which left me stuck

I ended up rushing thru this new project and it didnt fully satisfy me or reflect by best abilites. Still i realize this is the best way i can capture myself right now. I feel tired and just want to be home. This is it. Setting Sun 

## Screenshot(s)

> ![Image of my SettingSun](./assets/images/SettingSun)

## New p5 functions used.

Audio-(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLAudioElement/Audio).

## Atribution 

This project uses p5.js.

Song- Setting Sun by Youll Never Get To Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ErRfoDojo

Combination of all the previous class assessements

## License

> This project is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en)) license with the exception of libraries and other components with their own licenses.
